[GIRL 10A]
I still wish I was stupid rich!
[GIRL 10B]
That girl's shoes are so cute.
[BOY 10A] Come on, why won't
she just text back?
[GIRL 10C]
I seriously need a boyfriend.
[GIRL 10D] I'm so sleepy,
maybe I'll sleep on the train.
[GIRL 10E]
Idiot just stepped on my foot!
People need to watch themselves.
[BOY 10G] That's it!
I'm staying home tomorrow.
[BOY 10H]
Ugh. Nobody actually likes me.
[GIRL 10G] My horoscope said
it's supposed to be a good day
Hmm? That guy is super cute!
[KOSSETSU] I have the ability
to read people's minds.
Or, I guess it's more that I can
hear their "internal monologue"?
Kinda like they're
talking to me.
[BOY 10I]
My blog is really on point.
I just need to get
more people to read it.
[GIRL 10H] I'm gonna eat
so much meat later!
[KOSSETSU]
So it only makes sense that
I call this power "Monologue."
I haven't told anyone.
I don't think it'd be good
if people knew.
They'd steer clear of me,
that's for sure.
Truth is, as much
as someone may talk,
they rarely want you to know
what they're really thinking.
That's why I lied
on that power survey.
I told them that my dumb
little trick of sticking coins
to my head was some
kind of magnetism.
This is my secret‐‐
nobody else knows about it.
And from what I can hear,
no one even suspects
I'm reading their minds.
I'm actually 100% sure of it.
If they were thinking that,
I would definitely know, whether
they wanted me to or not.
[KOSSETSU] I guess I got
here a little too early.
Ah. Hmm.
Probably a little too quick.
[KOSSETSU] But now, I'll
get some more time with him.
[KOSSETSU] We went and
visited a few other worlds,
and now we're finally done
with Ms. Aki's summer camp.
It wasn't easy by any means,
but we've all gotten her,
quote, "compulsory education."
We were dismissed and given
the rank of Private Fifth class.
Plus, an invitation
to the battlefield.
[KOSSETSU] But I was
seriously bummed out,
because that meant
I didn't have an excuse
to be around him like before.
[KOSSETSU] I hope it's not
too obvious to everyone,
but I really like Asakaze.
[KAGA]
Thanks to Ms. Aki's relentless
and intensive
training and guidance,
we were able to successfully
complete our summer camp today!
Let's also thank those who
worked so hard by our side.
The bonds that
we've created here
will never be undone.
[KAGA thinking] I ended up
being a total nobody, huh?
Who cares that I had perfect
attendance? It's so lame.
I just don't have anything
to look forward to.
[STUDENTS laughing, murmuring]
You were actually chosen by God?
For the elite course?
That's impressive,
even for you, man!
I feel super lucky to have been
in the same class as you!
Aw, no big.
[ASAKAZE] Not gonna lie,
it feels kinda good
to get this much attention.
But there's something else
going on here, it's weird.
[DAIYA] This chump
is so full of himself.
[ASAMA] Can't wait till
you fail, dumbass.
[ASAKAZE] I know they're just
lying to me and blowing smoke.
Guess they're trying to be nice,
but I know they
don't mean any of it.
Whatever makes them feel good,
at least I'm nothing like them.
I don't mean apples and
oranges, either, more like
the toilet bowl and its turds.
[KOSSETSU grunts]
[KOSSETSU]
He's really on a roll today.
I'm the only one who knows
who he really is.
Way more interesting than
the others, and a true rebel.
[KAGA] Hey, j‐just wondering
if you caught my speech.
[KOSSETSU]
Yeah, it was very nice.
Oh, really?
I was kinda nervous, so...
[KAGA thinking] Man, she's
looking super cute today.
I'm gonna miss seeing her.
I should just
tell her how I feel!
No, I'm too scared,
but maybe I can just ask her
to hang out sometime.
Uh. Uh...
[GIRL giggling]
[BOY 10J]
Whoa! That's a lot!
[KOSSETSU sighs]
That was way too awkward for me.
[KOSSETSU] I'm really not all
that different from Kaga.
And he's really
not interested in me.
Ah. Something up?
Um.
You talked to Nozomi lately?
I'm just curious
how she's doing.
Not that I really care.
[ASAKAZE]
Man, I'm worried about her.
I miss her like crazy.
She's kind of useless, but she
acts like such a big deal.
[KOSSETSU]
He's totally in love with her.
Been like that ever since
we started drifting.
[KOSSETSU]
She seems fine.
She's just been on Hateno Island
with Nagara and the others.
Why the hell is she still there?
[ASAKAZE]
Nagara! I hate that scumbag.
She wouldn't be on that island
if it weren't for him.
Anyway, I kinda need
a favor from you.
Think you could help me
out with something?
[ASAKAZE thinking] I just need
someone to do the crap work.
She's perfect for that,
and I don't think anybody ever
asks her for anything.
Make her think she's
doing something worthwhile,
and it'll be the
highlight of her life.
[KOSSETSU]
I was actually just wondering
what my next move would be.
You sure I can help?
[ASAKAZE thinking] Awesome,
she's obviously into me.
Ah. Too bad I don't feel the
same about her, like, at all.
You don't have to
answer me right away.
Just think it over.
Uh‐huh. Thanks, I will.
[KOSSETSU]
He's stubborn, selfish,
and honestly kind of a jerk.
Doesn't make any sense.
It hurts every time
I talk to him.
[KOSSETSU] But I can't help
the way I feel about him‐‐
I'm smitten.
Felt this way since
the whole thing started.
[grunting]
[ASAKAZE ]
You wanna know why?
It has nothing to do with your
"power." It's just how it is.
[ASAKAZE thinking] This is what
you get for being pushy,
you stupid gorilla.
I'm the chosen one here.
You're gonna learn
to start respecting me,
or you're gonna regret it.
[CAP]
I won't accept that.
You hear me?!
Everybody has to do what I say!
[ASAKAZE] Wow, you look even
more like a gorilla than usual!
Just go away, man! I never
wanna see your dumb face again!
[KOSSETSU]
He's... so cruel.
[NOZOMI grunts]
[ASAKAZE] What does she
see in Nagara, anyway?
I'm the one
protecting everybody.
I just want her
to look at me like that!
[KOSSETSU grunts]
[ASAKAZE] I'm not the same
person I was before.
[ASAKAZE]
This is awesome...
She'd love it
if I showed it to her.
Nozomi!
Let her go off by herself.
[ASAKAZE thinking]
All I wanna do is keep her safe.
She's just gonna
slow everyone down.
Do you actually mean that?!
[ASAKAZE thinking] This is
gonna make Nozomi rethink
how she feels about me.
Only reason she turned me down,
is 'cause she doesn't know
who I really am.
I do. It's best if she
didn't go with you.
[KOSSETSU grunts]
[KOSSETSU] I'm sure
his unrequited love
left him completely heartbroken.
[KOSSETSU] In my dreams,
I can see him being an outcast
from the world someday. He'll be
all alone and that's when
he'll realize I was the one
for him this entire time.
But I know I'm just dreaming.
He'd never come to me.
Because he thinks
I'm some ugly loser.
Yeah. The whole world
would have to change.
I know that better than anyone.
But, if I can
somehow manage to‐‐
‐‐[beep]
‐‐Ah.
[KOSSETSU sighs]
[ASAKAZE]
Ms. Aki's got amazing boobs.
[KOSSETSU]
Mm...
[KOSSETSU] She's leading him
down a dangerous path.
I'm absolutely sure of it.
[KOSSETSU growls]
[KOSSETSU] She doesn't care
about him as a person at all.
The only thing she
cares about is his power.
[AKI thinking]
Ugh. What a pain in the neck.
He needs to get away from her!
Right now!
[PRINCIPAL] There is currently
someone who jeopardizes
the existence of this world.
The one called War.
So I'm asking you to put
a stop to War immediately.
Meaning I want you to kill him.
Many have tried, but no one
has been able to accomplish it,
thus far.
You're going to have to
create "death" in this world.
I know you can do it.
[KOSSETSU]
Because we're all in stasis,
we don't really have
a way to move forward.
Can't do anything
about it, just the way it is.
We don't know
where the trains are going,
what roles we've been given,
or even who we're
supposed to fight.
Only thing we can be sure of,
is this general feeling
of insecurity.
[KOSSETSU] Even though they said
we're supposed to never die.
[KOSSETSU]
But for whatever reason,
Asakaze thinks that
he can change the world.
He's obsessed with this
"important job only I can do."
[KOSSETSU]
It's pointless.
I could never change him,
much less the world.
Meow.
[gasping]
Each of the three cats
has their own role to play.
[YAMABIKO]
Tora places the orders,
Gen is in charge
of transportation,
and Sakura makes copies
of the things being brought
from your old world.
That includes living things.
[gasps] Hey, Sakura.
You should make another me!
Eh?
[MIZUHO]
Oh, come on, just do it!
[SAKURA]
Mreowr!
[YAMABIKO sighs] The cats have
their own code of ethics.
If they aren't careful
with their powers,
things could very
easily end in tragedy.
Okay... So does this mean she
had something to do with us
being "castaway copies?"
Yeah, probably.
But I'd be willing to bet
it's like Nagara's power
to create worlds.
She wasn't aware of what she was
doing, it just kinda happened.
Huh. Well, what about you?
What have you been
doing all this time?
You talkin' to me?
Hmm...
What have I been
doing all this time?
[NAGARA] Raj never took
the cats' opinions into account.
[NAGARA] Maybe that's why he
didn't pick up on what Mizuho
is really capable of.
[MIZUHO]
Huh...
[NAGARA] We're stuck,
caught up in this drift
that had already happened.
[NAGARA] But Mizuho's
power might be the reason
we're in this static state.
[NOZOMI grunts]
[YAMABIKO sighs]
I hate to say it, but if you
had known this back then,
things might've
turned out differently.
[TORA chirps]
[NOZOMI] I think I might
end up going over there.
[NAGARA]
Hmm?
‐‐[phone rings]
‐‐Uh?
I was kinda wondering...
[NOZOMI]
Hmm?
[NAGARA] What happened
to you hating smartphones?
Heh. Guess even I can change.
[KOSSETSU]
Nozomi's the real deal.
She's the only one that I know
never lied to the others.
[NOZOMI] My heart tells me
not to go with them.
And whenever that happens...
...I always listen.
[KOSSETSU] I wonder if she would
be willing to talk him into‐‐
Mm?
It's been a while.
What? Am I here late?
[KOSSETSU]
Mm‐mm.
[NOZOMI]
Whoa... It's humongous.
[ASAKAZE]
What are you doing here?
[NOZOMI]
What's it to you?
I've got work to do.
Yeah, I know that.
Doesn't change the fact
that she's here now.
Where'd you run off
to with Ms. Aki?
[ASAKAZE] Got a mission to kill
a bad guy for world peace.
Oh, wow, I always knew
you were amazing!
[KOSSETSU] So... do you think
Nozomi and I could tag along
with you when you
go on this mission?
[ASAKAZE]
But why?
[KOSSETSU] Well,
I just think it'd be really cool
to see you in action.
Don't you think
that sounds cool?
Um, I'm not so sure.
Of course, you are!
[NOZOMI]
Mm...
[ASAKAZE]
It's gonna be dangerous.
The one we're gonna kill...
is War himself.
It's "War"?
[NOZOMI]
This world is "War," too?
[KOSSETSU]
Mm.
Ugh, I hate her!
[KOSSETSU, NOZOMI]
Hmm?
So is this guy War?
What's the deal with him?
Hello? Are you okay?
[KOSSETSU] There's nothing
there, it's like he's empty.
[AKI thinking]
I know what you're doing.
[gasps]
The food...
It's probably ready, huh?
[KOSSETSU]
Ah. Oh, guess so.
What's up? Is something wrong?
You've been a little off
since we met up.
I'm sorry, it's just...
[NOZOMI]
Huh?
[ASAKAZE]
Let's take a quick break.
Man, this place is boring.
[ASAKAZE]
Where's this War guy?
So what're you gonna do
when you find him?
[ASAKAZE]
Hmm? Why do you ask?
Gonna kill him
just 'cause he's War?
[ASAKAZE sighs] There's no
police or army or whatever.
So somebody has to do it.
That would be me.
You don't even know
what War is, so why you?
Where do you get off,
creating death?
So conceited‐‐
you think you're God?
How in the hell do you
even know about all that?
It's because that plain girl
can see right through us.
[KOSSETSU whimpers]
Her power allows her
to read other people's minds
without even trying.
[ASAKAZE gasps]
Is that true...?
[ASAKAZE]
So you know everything?
What I'm thinking right now?
Things I haven't told anybody?
Sorry.
[gasps]
[ASAKAZE]
Those two...
They think I'm an idiot!
They're mocking me!
[AKI]
It's okay.
When I focus in a little bit
and adjust the scale,
I hear her voice clearly.
It's yet another
useful perk of my power.
[ASAKAZE sighs]
[gasps]
[NOZOMI]
Hmm.
[NOZOMI sighs]
[KOSSETSU grunts]
[BOTH laugh]
[NOZOMI]
I'm all done.
[KOSSETSU] Those are more
power holdovers, huh?
Yep. Little "present"
from Nagara.
They're actually
pretty perfect for me.
[KOSSETSU]
It's weird.
This gorge looks like someone
cut a deep wound into the world.
Yeah. Kinda goes with what
Yamabiko said about War.
I wonder... We actually
gonna find War in here?
I was wondering that, too.
I could hear a lot of voices
at the train station...
...but none of them seemed
to know anything about War.
[NOZOMI]
I may not be able to read minds,
but I can tell exactly
what you're thinking.
Real funny. Who do you
think made it possible
for you to even be here?
I've helped you, you know.
You could at least try to‐‐
[NOZOMI] You wanna know the
real reason I turned you down?
Because I can't respect you,
is the thing.
You make it too hard.
Is that so? Well, God
and everybody else does.
[NOZOMI] I don't give a crap
what everyone else thinks,
it's what you
think that matters!
I'm not doing this.
I need to leave.
Even if I'm dead, I can
accept the fate I was given.
[ASAKAZE] I could never
be as strong as you.
[ASAKAZE] I couldn't see past
my power to who I really was.
[gasps]
[ASAKAZE]
I kept chasing after you...
...because I could
never be like you.
But... I'm done with all that.
'Kay. Understood.
Then I guess this is goodbye.
[KOSSETSU]
I see now.
She really was the only one who
could change him for the better.
[NAGARA] This time,
I'll show you the light.
[NOZOMI] Let's find this War,
and put an end to 'em!
[ASAKAZE gasps]
It seems like you're the only
one who can conquer this world.
It's obvious.
For whatever reason, you were
the one chosen to do it.
[ASAKAZE growls]
[NOZOMI] The only thing here,
is this massive, open wound.
Which means he's
been here way too long.
So let's change that.
[gasps]
Nozomi!
Come on.
[PRINCIPAL]
You can do many things,
except see what's in your heart.
[KOSSETSU]
Asakaze!
[ASAKAZE gasps]
No... but why...?
[PRINCIPAL] The fruit of a
spontaneously‐occurring power.
It's a beautiful thing,
is it not?
[ASAKAZE whimpering]
[KOSSETSU] I thought
I knew who he really was
and I could trust what I heard.
Turns out, I was wrong...
Meow.
[CHICKENS clucking]
The chicken on the right
is the one you ordered,
and the one on the left is mine.
[gasps]
We're really gonna do it?
[MIZUHO]
No, don't!
I'm sorry. I know you
didn't want to see them die.
Let's make some oyako donburi.
We can eat her, at least.
[CHICKEN 10A clucking]